ADITYA BHARTIA
G-3, Tandon Apartment, Charat Singh Colony, Andheri (E), Mumbai
Ph: +91 9820929220, E-mail: adityabhartia@yahoo.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
June 2007 – Till date
Noble Group/Clear Capital, Mumbai
Equity research analyst  at Noble Group, a UK-based investment bank specializing in small and mid-cap 
equities. Noble’s clients include some of the UK’s top institutional investors such as Scottish Widows, Fidelity, 
Gartmore, Aberforth, and L&G.
 Held   joint   responsibility   with   the   team   leader   for   analysing   the   UK   Support   Services   sector,   which 
encompasses a wide array of business models like equipment rental, accident management, social housing 
and engineering consultancy. 
Involved in all stages of equity research, starting with company meetings and developing sophisticated 
earning models and ending with writing research notes and servicing clients through roadshows, meetings, 
and ad-hoc projects.

 Prepared  thematic industry notes  on the UK rental industry and the engineering consultants market, 



highlighting key growth drivers, and identifying top sector picks.

 Authored five initiation reports, with name duly accorded on their front page.


Involved with  forensic examination  of financial statements of accident management and vehicle rental 
companies, with particular emphasis on their operating and financial leverage.

Irevna Research Services (subsidiary of S&P), Chennai
Oct 2005 – May 2007
Offshore  equity   research   associate  responsible   for   fundamental   research   of   European   Household   and 
Personal Care sector for a bulge bracket investment-banking firm  
 Built  financial   models  for   companies.   Responsible   for   populating   historical   financial   data,   making 

accounting adjustments, ratio and trend analysis, and preparing forecasts of revenues and profitability.

 Prepared Industry presentations for the companies under coverage universe.
 Authored First Call notes for companies under coverage post quarterly earnings and key catalyst events.

APPRENTICE
Lochan & Co, New Delhi
P. K, Narula & Co, New Delhi 
 Conducted internal and statutory audits in different sectors.
 Finalized accounts, prepared balance sheets, and filed returns of income.

EDUCATION
 Associate Chartered Accountant 

- Cleared CA Final examinations with 21st rank on All India Basis.
- Cleared CA Foundation examination with 19th rank on All India Basis.

            Apr 2003 – Aug 2005
Aug 2002 - Mar 2003

 

     May 2005

 Bachelor of Commerce, Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi – (76%)                                    

- Secured 2nd rank in Delhi University in B. Com (Hons.) 1st year.
- Awarded UFJ Foundations and SRCC Alumni scholarships for academic excellence. 

2004

 CBSE(Class XII) Mahavir Senior Model School, Delhi – (92%)                                                          2001

- Topped the school in Class XII.
- Secured 1st rank in R. S. Asiads 2000 for Accountancy in Class XI.

 CBSE (Class X) Mahavir Senior Model School, Delhi – (89%)                     

                          1999

ACTIVITIES/PERSONAL
 Appointed Head Boy of the school.
 Represented Delhi State in XXXXII National School Games (Under 14 All India Cricket Tournament) held 

in Guwahati in 1996.

