Atul Sharma, C.A. (1985) 
DoB October 11, 1961 
Atuls61@gmail.com; +91 922 333 9060 

EXPERIENCE  
 
February 1998 to date with TATAs 16 years 

 

 

financial  controls  and  processes 

Hands  on  experience  in  finance  and  operations  management.  Demonstrated  ability  to 
streamline  business  operations  within  start-ups  and  multi-billion  dollar  global 
organization that drive growth and increase efficiency and bottom-line. Developing and 
implementing 
to  productivity 
improvements and change management.  
 
Handled all facets of Finance including Financial Control & Reporting, 5 year/Annual 
Business  Plans,  Financial  Analysis,  MIS,  Compliance,  Regulatory  Accounting,  Cost 
control, Working Capital Management, Insurance, Taxation – Direct/Indirect. 
 
Project  management  of  special  projects  such  as  setting  up  and  managing  Shared 
Services Centers, ERP implementations (both SAP & Oracle), company-wide process 
manual documentation and nation-wide asset reconciliations. 

in  addition 

 

Have been certified as an internal examiner for the TATA Business Excellence Model 
 
Was the Ethics Officer during my tenure at Tata Teleservices Limited – Central Hub  
 
Summary of different positions, roles and responsibilities 
 
 

July 2013 to date working as Vice President Finance – Business Transformation 
at  Tata  Communications  Limited  (a  three  billion  dollar  Global  conglomerate) 
wherein  I  am  using  my  vast  experience  and  reviewing  all  of  Finance’s  existing 
processes for accuracy and completeness as well as putting in place the best in class 
practices. 
 
July  2008  to  June  2013  worked  as  the  Chief  Financial  Officer  with  Tata 
Communications  Payment  Solutions  Limited.  This  is  a  100%  subsidiary  of  Tata 
Communications.  The  company  is  a  leader  in  providing  Managed  Services  to  the 
Banking industry for products like ATM/POS/Core Banking/Switching. Joined the 
company at the start-up stage and it had revenues of Rs. 500 crores at the time of 
my exit. 
 

 

o  Key  member  of  executive  management  team  and  reported  to  the  Board;  was 
primarily  responsible  for  performing  all  tasks  necessary  to  achieve  the 
organization's  mission  while  managing 
the Financial Risks, Financial 
Planning, Strategy, Record-keeping and Financial Reporting.  

o  Responsibility  also  included  preparation  and  analysis  of  Business  Plans  and 
Projected  Financial  Statements,  participation  in  developing  New  Businesses, 
Break  Even  Analysis  and  Pricing  for  new  businesses,  Cost  Benefit  analysis, 
Capex  and  Opex  Budgeting,  various  MIS,  Business  Insurance  plans  and 
maintenance  of  Inventory  of  all  fixed  assets.  Treasury  operations  including 
projecting fund requirement and ensure optimum utilization of funds. Financial 

Modeling,  Project  feasibility,  funding  proposal  and  dealing  with  bankers  & 
consultants.  

o  Ensuring  fiscal/statutory  compliance  -  direct  and  indirect  taxation.  Procure 

relevant registrations i.e. PF, Labour laws, IEC code, VAT & Service Tax, etc.  

o  Strategic  inputs  for  Business  in  relation  to  various  critical  decisions  and 
participate  in  negotiation  with  customers  and  vendors.  Develop,  drive  and 
maintain  systems  of  Internal  Controls  to  safeguard  financial  assets  of  the 
organization, periodical audits, etc. 

o  Overseeing 

the  Supply  Chain  Management  function  covering  Strategic 
Sourcing, Supplier Evaluation and Selection, Price Benchmarking, Negotiation, 
Order Management, continuous cost reduction and Inventory Management.   

 
  May  2006  to  June  2008  worked  as  Financial  Controller  and  responsible  for 

 

 

 

the overall Financial Control and Reporting of Tata Teleservices Limited 
June  2002  to  April  2006  –  Head  of  Finance  -  Tata  Teleservices  Limited  – 
Central Hub comprising of Gujarat, MP and Chhattisgarh 
January  2001  to  May  2002  –  General  Manager  -  Finance  in  Tata  Internet 
Services Limited 
February  1998  to  January  2001  –  Senior  Manager  –  Finance,  Tata 
Teleservices  

 
Prior to joining the Tata Group  
 
o  Adroit  Financial  Services  as  Director  (Finance  and  Accounts)  April  1994  to 

January 1998  

 

o  Multi-Tech Computers as Manager - Finance March 1988 to April 1994  
o  Mehta,  Grover  &  Sharma,  Chartered  Accountants;  January  1985  to  February 

1988 

 

